hey all Brent here want to know about
Mecca here's where you need to be this
is a video all about what Mecca is now
in Japan Mecca technically means any
kind of mechanical contraption mecha
mechanical so we can talk about
motorcycles or jets or whatever but when
you come to anime mecha anime typically
means giant robots now there are three
general kinds of giant robots in Mecca
there are sentient robots think of like
astro boy or they robot see fights you
know they actually can think and move on
their own then there are unpiloted
robots think of like Gigantor or the
other like a giant robo things like that
where there's you know a kid with like a
watch or yes a little controller thing
that controls some big giant robot makes
it punch and then there are the piloted
robots which is what almost all mecha
are today they Gundam a cross Evangelion
robotech there are two kinds of Mecca
shows though and this really gets into
the style of Mecca that you've got there
there are super robot shows and real
robot shows super robot shows are over
the top manly action you know big stuff
um you can think of mazinger get a robo
you know things where you I will defeat
you with a spirit of my spirit or
whatever um Big O is a good example of
that real robot shows on the other hand
are more realistic you know the mecha
are more just war machines like a tank
just with you know arms and legs think
Gundam think Matt cross or robotech
although G Gundam is really a super
robot show but still usually you see
there's real robot shows with a mecha
are really just more vehicles on the
battlefield so that's that's sort of the
overview of the mecha types now we'll go
into a brief history emeka under two
minutes the first mega show is really
the first anime astro-boy I mean Astro
is really a mecha as are the various
robots that he fights against and the
same year actually out came Gigantor
which is an unpiloted mecca and then
that really established things they were
gigantic style things then I can get a
robo in Mazinger Z and shows like that
gonna guy did a lot of these these shows
of giant robots that sort of often fuse
together and they're always piloted by
you know spirited young teenagers and or
older to me whatever and usually a manly
man at a fat guy and a cute girl in pink
and so that that that was typical and
then that was really the mold until
nineteen seventy-nine and mobile suit
gundam and gundam introduced really the
real robot genre up until that point it
had been really super robots and Gundams
were just war machines so you had that
and then a couple years later macross
came out which would then become part of
robotech and in that the mecha are more
flashy they're definitely you know
pretty to look at but there's still more
war machines they're basically f-14 jet
fighters that turn into giant robots and
that's really what macross did was
established that Mecca could look good
and then really that was that
established things and mecha what was
either like the serious war machines of
Gundam or the more flashy war machines
of macros and then of course even
yelling came along now even galleons are
actually biological machines but there
had been biological machines before that
point in anime with what even galleon
did was to popularize that and make that
more of an option and introduced sort of
a more psychological stuff in in mecca
not that there had been a technological
stuff but that more weird introspective
stuff of Evangelion and that's really
all it's that's changed in Mecca and in
major ways I mean there are microchip
out there they're still Gundam show is
being made still macross shows being
made but really those are the the big
things that have established what Mecca
is and those are the big shows in Mecca
over time that's the overview any
questions post in the comments below
thanks take care